SpotifyAPI.Docs/docs/showcase.md, before:

---
id: showcase
title: Showcase
---

:::info
Are you using `SpotifyAPI-NET` and would like to include your project in this list?

Send a PR via the "Edit this page" link at the end of the page!
:::

### [lidarr](https://github.com/lidarr/Lidarr) by [@lidarr](https://github.com/lidarr)

> Looks and smells like Sonarr but made for music.

### [botframework-solutions](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-solutions) by [@microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft)

> home for a set of templates and solutions to help build advanced conversational experiences using Azure Bot Service and Bot Framework

### [Spytify](https://github.com/jwallet/spy-spotify) by [@jwallet](https://github.com/jwallet)

> Records Spotify to mp3 without ads while it plays and includes media tags to the recorded files

### [Sp0](https://github.com/JohnnyCrazy/sp0) by [@JohnnyCrazy](https://github.com/JohnnyCrazy)

> A cross-platform CLI Tool for requesting the Spotify Web API, with a focus on automation. 

### [AudioBand](https://github.com/AudioBand/AudioBand) by [@dsafa](https://github.com/dsafa) and [@svr333](https://github.com/svr333)

> Display and control songs from the Windows taskbar

### [SpotifyMatch.NET](https://github.com/DenisMtfl/SpotifyMatch.NET) by [@denismtfl](https://github.com/DenisMtfl)

> Windows tool with for looking up local files with Spotify & adding them to a library

### [rocksmith-custom-song-toolkit](https://github.com/catara/rocksmith-custom-song-toolkit) by [@catara](https://github.com/catara)

> MASS Manipulation of Rocksmith DLC Library

### [Spofy](https://github.com/eltoncezar/Spofy) by [@eltoncezar](https://github.com/eltoncezar)

> A Spotify mini player and notifier for Windows

### [Toastify](https://github.com/aleab/toastify) by [@aleab](https://github.com/aleab)

> Toastify adds global hotkeys and toast notifications to Spotify
>
> *Forked from [nachmore/toastify](https://github.com/nachmore/toastify)*

### [Spotify Oculus](https://github.com/CaptainMorgs/spotify-oculus-release) by [@CaptainMorgs](https://github.com/CaptainMorgs)

> Unity project for interacting with Spotify in virtual reality for the Oculus Rift.

### [Songify](https://github.com/Inzaniity/Songify) by [@Inzaniity](https://github.com/Inzaniity)

> A simple tool that gets the current track from Spotify, YouTube and Nightbot.

### [Elite G19s Companion app](https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/elite-g19s-companion-app-with-simulated-space-traffic-control.226782/) by [@MagicMau](https://github.com/MagicMau)

> Main features include: system and station overview, play radio and podcast with audio visualizations, simulated Space Traffic Control, GPS functionality (including planetary races), an orrery view, a screenshot converter, and a news ticker.

### [ARDUINO-Spotify-Remote-Control](https://github.com/NADER11NDEU/ARDUINO-Spotify-Remote-Control) by [@NADER11NDEU](https://github.com/NADER11NDEU)

> Well, with this project we will be able to control active spotify devices with Arduino. How we gonna do that ? We will use serial communication.

### [Melodify](https://github.com/novatorem/Melodify) by [@Novatorem](https://github.com/Novatorem)

> Spotify miniplayer interface with user stats, recommendations, youtube music videos, and more. Exposes a lot of SpotifyAPI-NET functionality with reauth.

### [Library Bridger](https://github.com/Iztral/Library-Bridger-2) by [@Iztral](https://github.com/Iztral)

> Application that scans your local music library and searches Spotify for equivalent tracks. It automates most of the process so you don't need to search for each individual song by hand. Additional, you can enable search by audio so it works a bit like Shazam.

### [Rhythm Games Converter](https://github.com/Suprnova123/Rhythm-Games-Converter) by [@Suprnova123](https://github.com/Suprnova123)

> Tool that looks for songs in, among other things, your Spotify playlists, that also appear in popular rhythm games.

### [SpotiSharp](https://github.com/L0um15/SpotiSharp) by [@L0um15](https://github.com/L0um15)

> Music Downloader using Spotify Web API.

### [LuminFy](https://github.com/Ibrajber99/LuminFy) by [@ibrajber99](https://github.com/Ibrajber99)

> App to look for music check you profile data and controll your Spotfy App from it. 

### [Sortify](https://github.com/tomaszFijalkowski/Sortify) by [@tomaszFijalkowski](https://github.com/tomaszFijalkowski)

> Sortify is a powerful tool that aims to help people organize their Spotify libraries. It allows you to sort existing playlists or create new ones. When creating, you have an option to merge or split the playlists. It also removes any track duplicates from them. All that, while being very simple and friendly to use.


### [Spotify Song Availability Checker](https://github.com/CasualHonest/SpotifySongAvailabilityChecker) by [@CasualHonest](https://github.com/CasualHonest/)

> Spotify Song Availability Checker (SSAC) is a simple and lightweight tool that lets you check the availability of songs and albums on Spotify, giving you basic information about what you enter and displaying the available markets for said entry.

### [ConcertBuddy](https://github.com/skuill/ConcertBuddy) by [@skuill](https://github.com/skuill)

> Telegram bot that can find the latest setlists of an artist or band, listen to tracks and show lyrics.

### [SpotifiCLI](https://github.com/kollibroman/SpotifyCLI) by [@kollibroman](https://github.com/kollibroman)
> Another cross-platform cli tool to interact with spotify api with focus on simplicity

Commit message:

Update Spotify content checker links

SpotifyAPI.Docs/docs/showcase.md, after:

---
id: showcase
title: Showcase
---

:::info
Are you using `SpotifyAPI-NET` and would like to include your project in this list?

Send a PR via the "Edit this page" link at the end of the page!
:::

### [lidarr](https://github.com/lidarr/Lidarr) by [@lidarr](https://github.com/lidarr)

> Looks and smells like Sonarr but made for music.

### [botframework-solutions](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-solutions) by [@microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft)

> home for a set of templates and solutions to help build advanced conversational experiences using Azure Bot Service and Bot Framework

### [Spytify](https://github.com/jwallet/spy-spotify) by [@jwallet](https://github.com/jwallet)

> Records Spotify to mp3 without ads while it plays and includes media tags to the recorded files

### [Sp0](https://github.com/JohnnyCrazy/sp0) by [@JohnnyCrazy](https://github.com/JohnnyCrazy)

> A cross-platform CLI Tool for requesting the Spotify Web API, with a focus on automation. 

### [AudioBand](https://github.com/AudioBand/AudioBand) by [@dsafa](https://github.com/dsafa) and [@svr333](https://github.com/svr333)

> Display and control songs from the Windows taskbar

### [SpotifyMatch.NET](https://github.com/DenisMtfl/SpotifyMatch.NET) by [@denismtfl](https://github.com/DenisMtfl)

> Windows tool with for looking up local files with Spotify & adding them to a library

### [rocksmith-custom-song-toolkit](https://github.com/catara/rocksmith-custom-song-toolkit) by [@catara](https://github.com/catara)

> MASS Manipulation of Rocksmith DLC Library

### [Spofy](https://github.com/eltoncezar/Spofy) by [@eltoncezar](https://github.com/eltoncezar)

> A Spotify mini player and notifier for Windows

### [Toastify](https://github.com/aleab/toastify) by [@aleab](https://github.com/aleab)

> Toastify adds global hotkeys and toast notifications to Spotify
>
> *Forked from [nachmore/toastify](https://github.com/nachmore/toastify)*

### [Spotify Oculus](https://github.com/CaptainMorgs/spotify-oculus-release) by [@CaptainMorgs](https://github.com/CaptainMorgs)

> Unity project for interacting with Spotify in virtual reality for the Oculus Rift.

### [Songify](https://github.com/Inzaniity/Songify) by [@Inzaniity](https://github.com/Inzaniity)

> A simple tool that gets the current track from Spotify, YouTube and Nightbot.

### [Elite G19s Companion app](https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/elite-g19s-companion-app-with-simulated-space-traffic-control.226782/) by [@MagicMau](https://github.com/MagicMau)

> Main features include: system and station overview, play radio and podcast with audio visualizations, simulated Space Traffic Control, GPS functionality (including planetary races), an orrery view, a screenshot converter, and a news ticker.

### [ARDUINO-Spotify-Remote-Control](https://github.com/NADER11NDEU/ARDUINO-Spotify-Remote-Control) by [@NADER11NDEU](https://github.com/NADER11NDEU)

> Well, with this project we will be able to control active spotify devices with Arduino. How we gonna do that ? We will use serial communication.

### [Melodify](https://github.com/novatorem/Melodify) by [@Novatorem](https://github.com/Novatorem)

> Spotify miniplayer interface with user stats, recommendations, youtube music videos, and more. Exposes a lot of SpotifyAPI-NET functionality with reauth.

### [Library Bridger](https://github.com/Iztral/Library-Bridger-2) by [@Iztral](https://github.com/Iztral)

> Application that scans your local music library and searches Spotify for equivalent tracks. It automates most of the process so you don't need to search for each individual song by hand. Additional, you can enable search by audio so it works a bit like Shazam.

### [Rhythm Games Converter](https://github.com/Suprnova123/Rhythm-Games-Converter) by [@Suprnova123](https://github.com/Suprnova123)

> Tool that looks for songs in, among other things, your Spotify playlists, that also appear in popular rhythm games.

### [SpotiSharp](https://github.com/L0um15/SpotiSharp) by [@L0um15](https://github.com/L0um15)

> Music Downloader using Spotify Web API.

### [LuminFy](https://github.com/Ibrajber99/LuminFy) by [@ibrajber99](https://github.com/Ibrajber99)

> App to look for music check you profile data and controll your Spotfy App from it. 

### [Sortify](https://github.com/tomaszFijalkowski/Sortify) by [@tomaszFijalkowski](https://github.com/tomaszFijalkowski)

> Sortify is a powerful tool that aims to help people organize their Spotify libraries. It allows you to sort existing playlists or create new ones. When creating, you have an option to merge or split the playlists. It also removes any track duplicates from them. All that, while being very simple and friendly to use.

### [Spotify Content Availability Checker](https://github.com/SoNearSonar/SpotifyContentAvailabilityChecker) by [@SoNearSonar](https://github.com/SoNearSonar/)

> Spotify Content Availability Checker is a program that lets you check the country availability and unavailability of songs, albums, and podcasts on Spotify. The program also displays basic information about the content you enter in.le and lightweight tool that lets you check the availability of songs and albums on Spotify, giving you basic information about what you enter and displaying the available markets for said entry.

### [ConcertBuddy](https://github.com/skuill/ConcertBuddy) by [@skuill](https://github.com/skuill)

> Telegram bot that can find the latest setlists of an artist or band, listen to tracks and show lyrics.

### [SpotifiCLI](https://github.com/kollibroman/SpotifyCLI) by [@kollibroman](https://github.com/kollibroman)
> Another cross-platform cli tool to interact with spotify api with focus on simplicity
